docs: tighten Partial Prefetching API references and adoption guide (#94818)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/adopting-partial-prefetching.mdx

export default nextConfig
```

## Auditing existing `<Link prefetch={true}>` calls

> When you flip `partialPrefetching: true`, every existing `<Link prefetch={true}>` switches semantics. Before the flag, it prefetched the destination's cached page render and its dynamic data. After the flag, it prefetches the App Shell plus the destination's cached content, without the dynamic data. Walk through each existing usage and decide whether the prop is still adding value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `partialPrefetching` is enabled, `<Link prefetch={true}>` now prefetches the App Shell plus cached content, but not dynamic data. Review each existing usage and decide whether the prop is still providing value.

Previously, `<Link prefetch={true}>` also prefetched dynamic data.
```

And then the table. 

This way we go from:
- `something changed` -> `previous` -> `new` -> `action` to
- `new behavior` -> `reminder of previous behavior` -> `action`

I think the deeper problem here is that, we are not addressing why anyone had this prop to begin with - to try and load an entire route ahead of time, to try and beat any potential blocking nav - I'd almost want to add that to the `Previously...` line but it feels like it is too much

| Destination                                                                                 | Recommendation                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Fully static (no `"use cache"`, no Suspense)                                                | Drop `prefetch={true}`. The default `<Link>` already loads the full page because the App Shell is the page.                                  |

> | Has cached content worth shipping ahead of the click                                        | Keep `prefetch={true}`. The cached parts come with the App Shell.                                                                            |

Reviewer: Still not sure we are formulating this the right way. Let's make sure this is describing the behavior correctly, it might be that in trying to shorten the description, some nuance gets dropped
